# OWD Steering Committee call, 09-02-2022

**Present:** Florian Scholz (OWD), Vinyl Da.i'gyu-Kazotetsu (OWD) , Dominique Hazael-Massieux (W3C), Ruth John (Mozilla), Jean-Yves Perrier (OWD), Rachel Andrew (Google), Daniel Beck (Mozilla),  Will Bamberg (OWD), Dominic Cooney (Meta), Robert Nyman (Google), Lola Odelola (Samsung) 

**Regrets:** Estelle Weyl (OWD), Uchi Uchibeke (Coil), Eric Meyer (Igalia),** **Jory Burson (Guest),  Philip Jägenstedt (Google), Kyle Pflug (Microsoft), Daniel Appelquist (Samsung), Brian Kardell (Igalia), Mike Smith (W3C), Joel Marcey (Meta), Piotr Tomiak (JetBrains)

**Note taker:**  Will

## Agenda

1. (Florian) Content planning call after this call
    - Need to discuss how to proceed with q1 and outline q2 process & projects
    - Agenda/notes document: [https://docs.google.com/document/d/1WMf3zGUrGgtjhAxoppkgH6IhsBB0bD6QSqgYmDkyg7s/edit#heading=h.ecgk0qand0b3](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1WMf3zGUrGgtjhAxoppkgH6IhsBB0bD6QSqgYmDkyg7s/edit#heading=h.ecgk0qand0b3) 
2. (Florian) OWD impact report 2021
    - Are we good to merge [https://github.com/openwebdocs/project/pull/84](https://github.com/openwebdocs/project/pull/84)? 
    - Planning to publish quarterly updates from now on. Will replace monthly worklogs.
    - Figuring out monthly blog posts instead that are more about projects and interesting™ topics. 
3. (Florian) OWD copy text for new MDN site
    - We need a text blurb / quote from OWD to put on a  "Contribute to MDN" page. Anyone want to help word this? → [https://docs.google.com/document/d/1Imnh4LbyqkClnB-VUUU7EnlKERyE0aQNi8p3EAEIfRo/edit](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1Imnh4LbyqkClnB-VUUU7EnlKERyE0aQNi8p3EAEIfRo/edit) 
4. (Florian) Events
    - Backlog for bcd and mdn pages to convert to new-style events: [https://github.com/mdn/browser-compat-data/issues/14578](https://github.com/mdn/browser-compat-data/issues/14578) 
    - Still a lot to go through
5. (Jean-Yves)
    - Working with Florian on Events. \
Trying to estimate when we will be done by calculating a velocity based on what we do this week.
6. (Will)
    - JS async module: drafted articles on implementing an API with promises and using workers. Will file a PR for this module today or tomorrow.
7. (Vinyl)
    - 100% real values for the API folder for BCD achieved! \
Which folder do we want to work on next?
8. WtD CFP:
    - [https://www.writethedocs.org/conf/portland/2022/cfp/](https://www.writethedocs.org/conf/portland/2022/cfp/) (deadline extended until Feb 25)


## Notes



* Impact report:
    * (Robert): why December pie wasn’t updated. (Will) only laziness, but numbers will not look as good. Let me know if you want it and we can add it to the PR.
    * (Dominic): can Mozilla share stats about traffic? Daniel: yes. (Dominic): you are people looking at this. Ideally: 6 months ago we invested in x, what are the numbers like now for x? See end to end impact of projects.
* (Robert) could write “OWD: one year in” about the things we have done and the things that might be coming next.
* (everyone) we should have a website: [https://github.com/openwebdocs/project/issues/54](https://github.com/openwebdocs/project/issues/54)
   ![We should have a website meme](https://i.imgflip.com/64h90n.jpg)
* Events:
    * (Jean-Yves): will measure how long we expect to take to get through them all. Also if you want to comment on PRs please do, so we get early feedback.
    * (Dominic): is there a way to help people give feedback? Florian: BCD is harder to review than content. Content is a good place to go for this. (Vinyl): happy to help out with both BCD and content for events. Will update bcd-collector project to make it easier to update BCd for events.
* (Will) async: if anyone has good ideas for APIs we can use for an exercise to implement a promise chain, would be happy to hear!
* (Vinyl): we have officially reached 100% real values for APIs in BCD. 3 year project. Still have HTML, SVG, HTTP, and WebExtensions that are missing real values. Robert: can we have a joint MDN/OWD tweet about that? (Florian, Daniel) Yes.
