# OWD Steering Committee call, 16-02-2022

**Present:** Florian Scholz (OWD), Dominic Cooney (Meta), Jean-Yves Perrier (OWD), Will Bamberg (OWD), Lola Odelola (Samsung), Estelle Weyl (OWD), Uchi Uchibeke (Coil), Eric Meyer (Igalia)

**Regrets:** Vinyl Da.i'gyu-Kazotetsu (OWD) , Dominique Hazael-Massieux (W3C), Ruth John (Mozilla), Rachel Andrew (Google), Daniel Beck (Mozilla),  Robert Nyman (Google), Jory Burson (Guest), Kyle Pflug (Microsoft), Daniel Appelquist (Samsung), Brian Kardell (Igalia), Mike Smith (W3C), Piotr Tomiak (JetBrains)

**Note taker:**  Will

## Agenda

1. (Florian) Content planning call happened.
    - [Notes](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1WMf3zGUrGgtjhAxoppkgH6IhsBB0bD6QSqgYmDkyg7s/edit#heading=h.ecgk0qand0b3)
    - The team works on finishing current projects (Events, Learning Area, ARIA)
    - We will invite you for a project pitching meeting in March (old projects can be re-pitched). SC members will be able to vote again. We will use the results as a litmus test and then decide on what we want to take on in q2.
    - Estelle will brief Vinyl about previous OWD logo explorations, so that Vinyl can see if that's something she can help out with.
    - For the remainder of this quarter, Estelle and Lola will explore if we want an OWD website and how it could look like. See #website-branding
    - It would be nice if OWD has a 2022 theme so that we can work on something coherent again (like markdown in 2021). Daniel, Jean-Yves, Will and Florian to meet about higher-level OWD 2022 themes and to report back.
    - For BCD, we will also use the #bcd slack channel to explore next steps /potential new projects / themes.
2. (Florian)
    - spec-urls in front matter. Thanks to Mike for this PR! [https://github.com/mdn/yari/pull/5284](https://github.com/mdn/yari/pull/5284)  Pages without a compat table can get a spec table with this.
3. (Florian) Events
    - Backlog for bcd and mdn pages to convert to new-style events: [https://github.com/mdn/browser-compat-data/issues/14578](https://github.com/mdn/browser-compat-data/issues/14578) 
    - Making progress! Thanks to Jean-Yves and Vinyl!
4. (Jean-Yves)
    - Working on Events: IndexedDB and bubbling
5. (Vinyl)
    - Also working on events!
6. (Estelle)
    - Plugging along on ARIA composite widgets [https://github.com/openwebdocs/project/issues/82](https://github.com/openwebdocs/project/issues/82) 
7. WtD CFP:
    -  [https://www.writethedocs.org/conf/portland/2022/cfp/](https://www.writethedocs.org/conf/portland/2022/cfp/) (deadline extended until Feb 25)
8. Google Season of Docs
    - [https://opensource.googleblog.com/2022/02/Announcing%20Season%20of%20Docs%202022.html](https://opensource.googleblog.com/2022/02/Announcing%20Season%20of%20Docs%202022.html) 
    16. Should both Mozilla and OWD apply and we mentor two students together?
9. Will:
    - Finally filed a PR to update the JS async module: [https://github.com/mdn/content/pull/12930](https://github.com/mdn/content/pull/12930) . Only one more after this: [https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Learn/JavaScript/Client-side_web_APIs](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Learn/JavaScript/Client-side_web_APIs) 
    - Drafted a blog post about Markdown: [https://github.com/openwebdocs/project/pull/86](https://github.com/openwebdocs/project/pull/86) 

## Notes

* Theme (Dominic): is the theme like “Markdown” or like “more participation”? Some items seem like housekeeping, and it might be easier to see the value of them if we tie them to a theme. Florian: yes, we would like to tie projects to a theme. So we should choose themes that explain why we are choosing particular projects.
* (Spec urls): can now work to retire the SpecName and Spec2 macros
* Events (JYP): we have checklists for the event work and review work now! Will help with getting more people involved. Getting 10-15 events/day at the moment. 
* WtD: is anyone interested in presenting? (Will) would not be totally against it.
* Google Season of Docs: (JYP): we should do this, either for something writery or for something more technical. (Estelle): let’s take some time to think about it. Deadline is March. Put it on the agenda for Monday. (Robert): help us to think through what it’s like as a new contributor to MDN.
