# OWD Steering Committee call, 09-03-2022

**Present:** Florian Scholz (OWD), Vinyl Da.i'gyu-Kazotetsu (OWD), Jean-Yves Perrier (OWD), Will Bamberg (OWD), Estelle Weyl (OWD), Ruth John (Mozilla), Daniel Beck (Mozilla), Rachel Andrew (Google)

**Regrets:** Dominic Cooney (Meta), Robert Nyman (Google), Lola Odelola (Samsung),  Eric Meyer (Igalia), Jon Davis (Apple), Dominique Hazael-Massieux (W3C), Uchi Uchibeke (Coil), Jory Burson (Guest), Philip Jägenstedt (Google), Kyle Pflug (Microsoft), Daniel Appelquist (Samsung), Brian Kardell (Igalia), Mike Smith (W3C), Piotr Tomiak (JetBrains)

**Note taker:** Vinyl

## Agenda

1. (Florian)
    - This meeting will stay in European time zone during “International Timezone Confusion weeks”™
2. (Florian)
    - Reviewed Will’s Learning Area updates! Great work, Will!
3. (Florian)
    - Content planning call after this meeting
    - Agenda: [https://docs.google.com/document/d/1WMf3zGUrGgtjhAxoppkgH6IhsBB0bD6QSqgYmDkyg7s/edit#](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1WMf3zGUrGgtjhAxoppkgH6IhsBB0bD6QSqgYmDkyg7s/edit#) 
4. (Will)
    - Finishing off the reviews for the JS Learn area, thanks Florian!
    - Website:
        - Have asked Netlify for an Open Source plan
        - Have some feedback from Estelle and Robert for things to add before we can “ship” it.
5. (Estelle) 
    - Continuing on ARIA roles. [https://github.com/openwebdocs/project/issues/82](https://github.com/openwebdocs/project/issues/82) . 
    - [Treegrid](https://github.com/mdn/content/pull/13474) and [treeitem](https://github.com/mdn/content/pull/13353) roles ready for review. Tabpanel up next.
    - Question about [https://github.com/mdn/content/pull/13513](https://github.com/mdn/content/pull/13513) 
6. (Jean-Yves)
    - Event Q1 project: Reviewing event work by Vinyl (and Ruth)! I have a long checklist I go through each time.
    - Side-effect that will come from our event work, the {{event}} macro will be removable at the end.
    - Numerous other reviews (86 total since March 1st)
    - MDN cache problem?
7. (Vinyl)
    - The ‘complete’ event will soon fire :D

## Notes

- (Florian) Reviewed the Learning Area updates by Will, close to completion. 
- (Florian) Content planning call right after this meeting, we’ll talk about new projects in the project backlog, as well as a discussion about themes.  Please feel free to join if you’re interested.

- (Will) Same stuff as Florian talked about!  Learning Area should be done today or tomorrow.

- (Will) Tinkering with the website, getting feedback before we launch the website – thanks for that! Estelle and I are planning a catchup day, we’ll keep you updated.

- (Estelle) Working on the ARIA roles, adding tree-grid and tree-item, next up is tab-panels.  Also was reviewing PRs, but can’t get it below 100…  (Vinyl) My fault! 
- (Estelle) Someone had rewritten the counters article, but I don’t know how to handle reviewing it.  I feel it was originally better…any advice? 
- (Ruth) Is this the one by debiru, who redid the CSS design rework? 
- (Will) No, that was a different person. 
- (Estelle’s Dogs) [Growling at each other]
- (Estelle) I feel the article rewrite is too complex. 
- (Daniel) It’s going to be awkward either way, but if there’s anything that seems valuable in the PR, make note of it, but explain the goals of the page and explain how the PR doesn’t fit said goals.  
- (Jean-Yves) Could this page be used as a use guide?  
- (Estelle) It seems that this dives into a lot of historical data that doesn’t need to be explained, such as how it worked in older browser versions. 
- (Daniel) If it’s useful as a note in BCD, we should encourage the author to add a BCD note instead.

- (Jean-Yves) Working on the events project, reviewing Vinyl’s and Ruth’s work.  Amazing work, overall, thank you!  I’ve made a checklist for reviews and making sure to check through each line item.  Vinyl’s saying it’s getting closer to completion.  I’m noticing a side effect that the events macro is getting removed bit by bit; it would be great to ensure we’re no longer using the macro after we’re done.  Reviewing lots of other PRs as well, some of them are small and simple, others are complex and require lots more time to review.

- (Jean-Yves) In the last two or three days of reported bugs, looks like a number of them are about caching issues where old links don’t seem to work.  Is it an MDN problem, or is it just how many times users hit those particular pages?  We should keep an eye on additional caching bug reports; maybe there’s more to dig into there.  
- (Will) Pretty sure for the Promises one, it’s a normal caching problem.  Have been able to mitigate the problem with a dummy URL parameter.  If the caching issue persists longer than a few days, then it might be a bigger problem.

- (Vinyl) Same stuff that Jean-Yves said!

- (Ruth) Saw your review on the MIDI pages, Jean-Yves.  Which are we doing first: BCD or content?
- (Jean-Yves) We aim for the content PRs first, since it is released sooner than BCD.  
- (Daniel) There was supposed to be a BCD release yesterday, but I didn’t finish it.  On the BCD side, I try to avoid feature renames and “needs content update” first until a content PR is at least created.  Maybe we could add a “needs BCD update” on the content side?
- (Jean-Yves) If the content is broken for a couple of days, I think that’s alright, as long as we don’t leave it broken for longer than that. 
- (Daniel) As long as they’re in progress, that’s good enough for me.

(Vinyl) Hope that I took notes well today!

(Florian) Yes, most excellent, thank you!