# OWD Steering Committee call, 16-03-2022

**Present:** Florian Scholz (OWD), Vinyl Da.i'gyu-Kazotetsu (OWD), Jean-Yves Perrier (OWD), Will Bamberg (OWD), Estelle Weyl (OWD), Daniel Beck (Mozilla), Dominique Hazael-Massieux (W3C),  Eric Meyer (Igalia), Uchi Uchibeke (Coil), Ruth John (Mozilla), Robert Nyman (Google), Dominic Cooney (Meta),  Lola Odelola (Samsung),

**Regrets:** Rachel Andrew (Google),  Jon Davis (Apple), Jory Burson (Guest), Philip Jägenstedt (Google), Kyle Pflug (Microsoft), Daniel Appelquist (Samsung), Brian Kardell (Igalia), Mike Smith (W3C), Piotr Tomiak (JetBrains)

**Note taker:** Will 

## Agenda

1. (Florian)
    - [Themes for putting OWD projects into perspective](https://github.com/openwebdocs/project/pull/90)
    - Reviewing many BCD PRs re events. Great work, Vinyl and Jean-Yves!
    - Figured out a way to deprecate KS macros: [https://github.com/mdn/yari/pull/5607](https://github.com/mdn/yari/pull/5607) 
    - Collecting what we need to launch a minimal OWD website/blog
        - Will made a great start here: [https://github.com/openwebdocs/website](https://github.com/openwebdocs/website) 
2. (Will)
    - Finished Modernize JS Learning Area! [https://github.com/mdn/content/issues/10337](https://github.com/mdn/content/issues/10337) 
    - Now playing with using webref to render CSSSyntax: [https://github.com/mdn/yari/pull/4656](https://github.com/mdn/yari/pull/4656) . I will have questions for Dominique.
    - Someone is working on updating the service worker page: [https://github.com/mdn/sw-test/pull/42](https://github.com/mdn/sw-test/pull/42)
    - [Write the Docs Portland](https://www.writethedocs.org/conf/portland/2022/) Writing Day, let’s do it again.  
3. (Estelle) 
    - Continuing on ARIA roles. [https://github.com/openwebdocs/project/issues/82](https://github.com/openwebdocs/project/issues/82) . 
    - [Tabpanel](https://github.com/mdn/content/pull/13743), [MenuItemCheckbox](https://github.com/mdn/content/pull/13930https://github.com/mdn/content/pull/13930) Axe-con
    - Will be out Friday.
4. (Jean-Yves)
    - Reviewing events content PR (backlog down to 5 or 6)
    - Reviewing a lot of others (191 overall this March)
    - Not me but: {{anch}} and {{manch}} are gone on en-US.
5. (Vinyl)
    - Only five more APIs to go for events migration
    - Removed {{anch}} macro from all the English pages, wrote a script we can apply to other macros too
6. (Daniel)
    - Personal news
7. (Lola)
    - Looking for funding for tech education projects

## Notes

* Themes for OWD projects: [https://github.com/openwebdocs/project/pull/90](https://github.com/openwebdocs/project/pull/90) 
* Website:
    * file issues against the [https://github.com/openwebdocs/website](https://github.com/openwebdocs/website) repo and we can triage them to see which things are blockers.
    * Estelle: we have a gdoc with questions about what we want, should we have issues instead? Yes, let’s use issues in the repo.
* WtD Writing Day: look in community-enablement to remember what we did last time. We also sponsored last time, do we want to do it again?
* Jean-Yves has reviewed 191 PRs this month!! (so far….)
* Daniel: resigning from Mozilla, last day mid-April. Will work with us on transitioning until then.
* Lola: looking for funding for tech education projects. If anyone knows anyone who can help, let us know. Something like Grant for the Web. Vinyl: might have a lead and will look into it…