# OWD Steering Committee call, 02-02-2022

**Present:** Florian Scholz (OWD),  Dominic Cooney (Meta), Dominique Hazael-Massieux (W3C),  Estelle Weyl (OWD), Ruth John (Mozilla), Jean-Yves Perrier (OWD), Daniel Beck (Mozilla), Uchi Uchibeke (Coil), Lola Odelola (Samsung), Eric Meyer (Igalia), Will Bamberg (OWD)

**Regrets:** Rachel Andrew (Google), Vinyl Da.i'gyu-Kazotetsu (OWD), Jory Burson (Guest), Philip Jägenstedt (Google), Kyle Pflug (Microsoft), Daniel Appelquist (Samsung), Brian Kardell (Igalia), Mike Smith (W3C), Joel Marcey (Meta), Piotr Tomiak (JetBrains)

**Note taker:** Estelle

## Agenda

1. (Florian) Events
    - Backlog for bcd and mdn pages to convert to new-style events: [https://github.com/mdn/browser-compat-data/issues/14578](https://github.com/mdn/browser-compat-data/issues/14578) 
    - Sensor, Serial, VideoTrack, TextTrack, Speech API this week
    - Serial: [https://github.com/mdn/content/pull/12539](https://github.com/mdn/content/pull/12539) first one that deals with event bubbling
2. (Jean-Yves)
    - Working with Florian on Events.
    - Trying to understand the three phases: capturing - at-target - bubbling \
Especially: does the capturing phase happen for non-UI (or non-DOM) events?
3. (Will)
    - JS Learn area: after some reflection I’m having a go at rewriting the async module, which I’m half-way through: [https://github.com/mdn/content/pull/12525](https://github.com/mdn/content/pull/12525) 
    - Using service workers: would like to consider whether we ought to rewrite [https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/Service_Worker_API/Using_Service_Workers](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/Service_Worker_API/Using_Service_Workers) , see also [https://github.com/mdn/content/issues/10824](https://github.com/mdn/content/issues/10824) .
    - Yari PR: [https://github.com/mdn/yari/pull/5190](https://github.com/mdn/yari/pull/5190) 
4. (Estelle)
    - ARIA roles are coming along [https://github.com/openwebdocs/project/issues/82](https://github.com/openwebdocs/project/issues/82) 
5. (Vinyl)
6. WtD CFP: [https://www.writethedocs.org/conf/portland/2022/cfp/](https://www.writethedocs.org/conf/portland/2022/cfp/) 
7. (Daniel)
    - Dipika has joined the MDN content team. I expect she’ll join the OWD Slack soon and I’ll make a more complete introduction at a future meeting.
    - MDN visual redesign is coming along; expect formal announcements and launch in the next couple of weeks.
    - MDN redesign includes a new page talking about contributing to MDN and highlighting MDN’s partners, including OWD and the PAB.
        - We want to say something to the tune of “OWD is a major contributor to content on MDN as part of their mission to support ‘web platform documentation for the benefit of web developers & designers worldwide’”. If you have thoughts on how else you’d like to be acknowledged, let me know.
        - We’d like to leave space for you to speak in your own words, as well. We’d welcome a short blurb talking about why you contribute to MDN. We intend to have something similar for the PAB and would appreciate the symmetry.
8. (Robert) Open Web Docs Impact and Transparency Report 2021
    - Possible to update to include all of 2021/till today’s date?
    - Would it be a lot of work?


## Notes

* (Florian) Work on events  - Sensor, Serial, VideoTrack, TextTrack, Speech API this week
* (Jean-Yves) Working Florian on Events. Three phases: capturing - on-target - bubbling. Is there a capturing phase on serial events? Please let me know if you have information so no mistakes.?
* (Dominic) Rusty, but no bubbling if no DOM event. Possibly referred to @target (or atTarget)? Arose out of IE and navigator differences. This is the unifying compromise. 
* (Robert) Trusted events: APIs you can’t just call.
* (Dominic) User gesture. How long does a gesture last? Important to consider. 
* (Dominique) +1 on this documentation is necessary. We will need to address this eventually.
* (Will) This should be discussed in the API, not in the gesture itself.
* (Will) Still working on the JS Learn area. Rewriting the async section because it wasn’t all that. Looking better  [https://github.com/mdn/content/pull/12525](https://github.com/mdn/content/pull/12525) 
    * There’s a bit on workers, which we might want to include.
    * Should we consider rewriting  service worker pages. [https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/Service_Worker_API/Using_Service_Workers](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/Service_Worker_API/Using_Service_Workers) , see also [https://github.com/mdn/content/issues/10824](https://github.com/mdn/content/issues/10824) .
* (Ruth) Cookbook has been moved into the Moz organization this week.
* (Dominique) Devs find workers difficult to work with. There are more spaces where it’s the right thing to do. No concrete suggestion for what this means to MDN. How can we make SW more user friendly via MDN to reduce the problem we DO have with DX of workers
* (Robert) Balance of issues, versus effort, versus what devs already know.
* (Will) The reading experience is bad. Confusing. Non sequiturs. Haven’t dug in, but it looks like it suffered from “wiki-disease”. 
* (Dan) starts with history that is not relevant.
* (Dominic) Set of topics: store, update, debug; rather than history. If we divide and conquer.
* (will) Goes into promises. We have Docs on promises. 
* (JeanYves) This was written really early, before people knew what it was for, using images from blogs about draft specifications.
* (Estelle) ARIA roles are coming along [https://github.com/openwebdocs/project/issues/82](https://github.com/openwebdocs/project/issues/82) 
* (Florian) Vinyl has been onboarded. Working on BCD.
* (Florian) Reminder, the WtD CFP: [https://www.writethedocs.org/conf/portland/2022/cfp/](https://www.writethedocs.org/conf/portland/2022/cfp/)  is due in two weeks.
* (Daniel) Dipika has joined the MDN content team. You might have met her at OWD Prague. I expect she’ll join the OWD next week.  A complete introduction in the near future. Ruth and Dipika are the only two writing full time on MDN. 
* (Estelle) How about the writers not in our time zone?
* (Daniel) Hamish contactor at 15 hours. Mike Smith is w3 staff.
* (Daniel) MDN visual redesign is coming along;  Release date should be in a couple of weeks. 
* (Daniel) Working on new contribute page. We want more of a reader facing page. Will formally acknowledge PAB and OWD. Please let him know how you would like to be acknowledged and contribute a blurb for your org. Expect formal announcements and launch in the next couple of weeks. We want to say something to the tune of “OWD is a major contributor to content on MDN as part of their mission to support ‘web platform documentation for the benefit of web developers & designers worldwide'’. If you have thoughts on how else you’d like to be acknowledged, let me know. We’d like to leave space for you to speak in your own words, as well. We’d welcome a short blurb talking about why you contribute to MDN. We intend to have something similar for the PAB and would appreciate the symmetry.
* (Robert) re: blurb, can we link to the transparency report? So people know what they are investing in. 
* (Daniel) Include concrete ways as to how and why to contribute.
* (Robert) Thanks to everyone who worked on Open Web Docs Impact and Transparency Report 2021. Google likes numbers! And Google was first to renew. Is it easy-ish to update on a regular basis? Buys us leeway and time, and way of updated sponsors about the impact, or is it a lot of work?
* (Will) it is manageable to extract. Not sure about making it pretty. Understanding what the numbers are is important, but getting new numbers is not a large task. Also being transparent about what the numbers mean. 
* (Robert) If we could do it quarterly without too much effort.
* (Dominic) Helpful for Meta to have numbers. Doesn’t need to be pretty. We can read graphs. “In QX we invested in project Y” . It's time consuming, but helpful.
* (Estelle) For actual impact, we need data from Moz
* (Will) for impact on a lot of things, it is difficult to measure. Like moving to markdown: we have more contributors,  is that related to MD v HTML.
* (Dominique) Impact beyond numbers.
* (Dominic) I already know what you’re doing. Possibly editorializing. Things that I can’t detect, but make a nice story. 
* (Florian) Docs take a bit of time for adoption. A quarter later we can see trends.
* (Estelle) Pleasantly surprised at how quickly people started reading ARIA docs.