# OWD Steering Committee call, 12-01-2022

**Present:** Florian Scholz (OWD),  Dominique Hazael-Massieux (W3C), Jean-Yves Perrier (OWD), Estelle Weyl (OWD), Rachel Andrew (Google), Lola Odelola (Samsung), Daniel Beck (Mozilla), Ruth John (Mozilla),  Will Bamberg (OWD), Eric Meyer (Igalia)

**Regrets:** Jory Burson (Guest),  Philip JÃ¤genstedt (Google), Kyle Pflug (Microsoft), Daniel Appelquist (Samsung), Brian Kardell (Igalia), Mike Smith (W3C), Joel Marcey (Meta), Piotr Tomiak (JetBrains), Uchi Uchibeke (Coil),  Dominic Cooney (Meta)

**Notes**: Estelle

## Agenda

1. (Florian) Happy New Year and thanks for all the great collaborations in 2021:
    - [https://opencollective.com/open-web-docs/updates/open-web-docs-worklog-end-of-2021-edition](https://opencollective.com/open-web-docs/updates/open-web-docs-worklog-end-of-2021-edition) 
    - [https://twitter.com/OpenWebDocs/status/1480932187679727620](https://twitter.com/OpenWebDocs/status/1480932187679727620) 
2. (Florian) Content planning call today!
    - Talk about projects that continue and potential new Q1 projects
    - Issue: [https://github.com/openwebdocs/project/issues/74](https://github.com/openwebdocs/project/issues/74) 
    - Meeting notes will be taken here: [https://docs.google.com/document/d/1WMf3zGUrGgtjhAxoppkgH6IhsBB0bD6QSqgYmDkyg7s/edit#](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1WMf3zGUrGgtjhAxoppkgH6IhsBB0bD6QSqgYmDkyg7s/edit#) 
3. (Florian) New Inheritance Diagram ready to land [https://github.com/mdn/yari/pull/5056](https://github.com/mdn/yari/pull/5056) 
4. (Florian) Events
    - Still working on meta docs update: [https://github.com/mdn/content/pull/11196](https://github.com/mdn/content/pull/11196) 
    - Also working on a burn down list so people can help
5. (Will) Updates to the Objects module for the JS Learn area are in review: [https://github.com/mdn/content/pull/11373](https://github.com/mdn/content/pull/11373). .

## Notes

(Florian) The content planning call is today. We have 15 or so issues. Some previously voted on.  Some new. The meeting is after this one.

(Florian) Rewrote inheritance diagram. No longer an iframe. Should be ready to land. Can be used on new event pages bug free.

(Florian) Working on a burn down list for Events so people can help with this project. 

(Will) PR with updates for objects for the learning area. Needs review. There are 2 other PRs. One for the sidebar. There are a few left to do: introduction to APIs will be simpler.