# OWD Steering Committee call, 23-02-2022

**Present:** Florian Scholz (OWD), Vinyl Da.i'gyu-Kazotetsu (OWD), Jean-Yves Perrier (OWD), Will Bamberg (OWD), Estelle Weyl (OWD), Dominique Hazael-Massieux (W3C), Ruth John (Mozilla), Lola Odelola (Samsung), Daniel Beck (Mozilla),  Eric Meyer (Igalia),

**Regrets:** Dominic Cooney (Meta), Uchi Uchibeke (Coil), Rachel Andrew (Google),  Robert Nyman (Google), Jory Burson (Guest), Philip Jägenstedt (Google), Kyle Pflug (Microsoft), Daniel Appelquist (Samsung), Brian Kardell (Igalia), Mike Smith (W3C), Piotr Tomiak (JetBrains)

**Note taker:**  Jean-Yves

## Agenda

1. (Florian)
    - MDN redesign launches tomorrow!
    - See [https://developer.allizom.org/en-US/](https://developer.allizom.org/en-US/) 
    - [https://github.com/mdn/MDN-feedback](https://github.com/mdn/MDN-feedback) for feedback
2. (Florian) Themes/Objectives for OWD in 2022
    - We met to talk about themes that could be tied to some of the work that we do
    - Still work in progress
    - Potential themes we brainstormed:
        - Improving the quality of MDN's most important documentation
        - Making contributing to MDN more accessible to more people and more productive
        - Offering structured content and data for documentation to be used in multiple contexts
3. (Florian) Working on (or rather only reviewing this week) event pages! :)
4. (Jean-Yves)
    - Mike Smith (W3C) is doing a great job building on what we did last year on the specification macros. We are getting closer to get rid of old macros
    - Spent some time fixing my old problem with audio and video, seems to work fine for the moment.
5. (Vinyl)
    - Still working on events!  :D
    - What to do about events with handlers implemented on parent interfaces, but the events only fire on child interfaces?
6. (Estelle)
    - Progress on ARIA widgets [https://github.com/openwebdocs/project/issues/82](https://github.com/openwebdocs/project/issues/82) 
    - Glossary?
7. (Will): Filed PRs to update the first half of the [JS Learn “client-side APIs” module](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Learn/JavaScript/Client-side_web_APIs): [https://github.com/mdn/content/pulls/wbamberg](https://github.com/mdn/content/pulls/wbamberg) . I expect to file for the other half this week. So we should be 1-2 weeks from finishing this project. 


## Notes

* Florian: MDN redesign! 
    * Ruth:ETA: tomorrow Thursday. Feedback document has been shared in slack (you need to request access).
    * Yay for dark theme!
* Florian: Themes and objectives for 2022: We met to figure out a themes or objectives which bigger and longer than a quarter. Brainstorming with the team happened: for the moment we discussed three of them, but still in flux: 
    * Improve the _quality_ of MDN existing pages 
    * Making contribution to MDN more accessible
    * To help with proposing/providing more structured content and data
    * We will share a document when we are more precise.
* Jean-Yves: Mike Smith has done a great job about Specification (+ explanations)
* Vinyl: 
    * Shout out to Mike Smith. 
    * Otherwise working pretty hard on events migration. Hoping we can remove the two last mixins in BCD (WindowEventHandlers and GlobalEventHandlers).
    * Oddities: event handler on HTMLelement, event fired on HTMLMediaElement. We need to find a solution, and a list of these cases can be provided.
* Estelle: 
    * Progress on aria widgets (the most complex aria roles). 
    * There are outstanding PRs, not all need accessibility experts. (the ones without "Major revisions" or "New pages")
    * Jens Meiert and the glossary. Florian: let's have an e-mail thread with him. (Nobody knows the real history between Chris and him)
* Will:
    * (dropped out of the call due to power outage)
    * Asked review about his Learning Area (client-side APIs, and async section)
* Any other questions/topics:
    * None.
    * Florian’s washing machine is really loud, though.