# OWD Steering Committee call, 02-03-2022

**Present:** Florian Scholz (OWD), Dominic Cooney (Meta), Jean-Yves Perrier (OWD), Robert Nyman (Google), Will Bamberg (OWD), Estelle Weyl (OWD), Ruth John (Mozilla), Lola Odelola (Samsung), Daniel Beck (Mozilla),  Eric Meyer (Igalia), Rachel Andrew (Google), Jon Davis (Apple) \
**Regrets:** Vinyl Da.i'gyu-Kazotetsu (OWD), Dominique Hazael-Massieux (W3C), Uchi Uchibeke (Coil), Jory Burson (Guest), Philip Jägenstedt (Google), Kyle Pflug (Microsoft), Daniel Appelquist (Samsung), Brian Kardell (Igalia), Mike Smith (W3C), Piotr Tomiak (JetBrains)

**Note taker:** Jean-Yves

## Agenda

1. (Florian)
    - MDN redesign launched
    - See [https://hacks.mozilla.org/2022/03/a-new-year-a-new-mdn/](https://hacks.mozilla.org/2022/03/a-new-year-a-new-mdn/) 
    - [https://github.com/mdn/MDN-feedback](https://github.com/mdn/MDN-feedback) for feedback
2. (Robert)
    - Inviting Apple as an observer to the Steering Committee
    - Welcome Jon Davis!
3. (Jean-Yves)
    - Busy week with 35 reviews and 4 small PRs.
    - Shifting focus back to Events again.
    - Seen discussion about `{{anch}}`: if we agree, I think we can script the change fairly easily.
    - Finished reinstalling computer: everything work well again!
4. (Vinyl)
    - (Florian) Amazing work on the events compat data!
5. (Estelle)
    - Continuing on ARIA roles. [https://github.com/openwebdocs/project/issues/82](https://github.com/openwebdocs/project/issues/82) 
6. (Will)
    - Expect to finish JS updates ([Modernize JS Learning Area · Issue #10337 · mdn/content](https://github.com/mdn/content/issues/10337) ) this week (or possibly next week, depending on reviews).
    - Will probably take a look at webref and mdn/data after that ([https://github.com/openwebdocs/project/issues/44](https://github.com/openwebdocs/project/issues/44)) and see if we can get it done reasonably quickly.
    - Have been experimenting with a very minimal website ([https://inspiring-snyder-9401af.netlify.app/](https://inspiring-snyder-9401af.netlify.app/) , [https://github.com/openwebdocs/website](https://github.com/openwebdocs/website) ) just as a stopgap until we have something proper, to give us somewhere to put blog posts that’s a bit prettier than the Open Collective page. Shall I ask Netlify for a free account: [https://www.netlify.com/legal/open-source-policy](https://www.netlify.com/legal/open-source-policy) ?

## Notes

- (Florian) Congrats to Mozilla on launching the MDN redesign. 
- (Ruth) MDN-Feedback repo is there for feedback, mostly positive, and some is actual feedback
- (Robert) Welcoming Jon Davis from Apple
- (Jean-Yves) Everybody seems to agree to remove the `{{anch}}` macro
- (Florian on behalf of Vinyl) Lots of events PR, backglog is large, Florian/Jean-Yves to review
- (Estelle) Aria roles work: 3 PRs this week: Tree is completed and approved, treeitem is next but smaller and an example is needed.
- (Robert): Does the work on aria correlate to more people reading accessibility documents?
- (Daniel) we don't have data but can look at it 
- (Estelle) We get a lot of feedback (typo fixes, …). So there is definitively interest. There is a very little docs out there, so it is more or less MDN or the 55-page spec. Not perfect, but a much better explanation of the different rules. 
- (Dominic) Our accessibility people said that this is filling a gap! I'd love to see the traffic increasing to these pages.
- (Robert) Numbers are also good for our sponsors: to know where the most important docs are. 
- (Will) LA about JS going forward but still one to write#
- (Will) Webref: next step for CSS Formal syntax.
- (Will) Minimal website experiment to host our blog post
- (Robert) Having a proper website: GC are discussing about having proper sponsorship tiers and what you get for it. Having a proper website will help about this.
- (Estelle) Thank you to all the people in the room: you are all amazing!