# OWD Steering Committee call, 26-01-2022


**Present:** Florian Scholz (OWD), Dominic Cooney (Meta), Dominique Hazael-Massieux (W3C),  Lola Odelola (Samsung), Estelle Weyl (OWD), Will Bamberg (OWD),Daniel Beck (Mozilla), Uchi Uchibeke (Coil), Rachel Andrew (Google),Ruth John (Mozilla), Vinyl Da.i'gyu-Kazotetsu (OWD), Eric Meyer (Igalia)

**Regrets:** Jean-Yves Perrier (OWD),  Jory Burson (Guest),  Philip Jägenstedt (Google), Kyle Pflug (Microsoft), Daniel Appelquist (Samsung), Brian Kardell (Igalia), Mike Smith (W3C), Joel Marcey (Meta), Piotr Tomiak (JetBrains)

**Note taker:** Estelle

## Agenda

1. (Florian) Welcoming Vinyl to Open Web Docs!
    - [https://opencollective.com/open-web-docs/updates/vinyl-joins-open-web-docs-to-help-maintain-compat-data](https://opencollective.com/open-web-docs/updates/vinyl-joins-open-web-docs-to-help-maintain-compat-data) 
    - (Round of introductions at the end)
2. (Florian) Events
    - MDN contribution docs for new-style event pages updated.
        - Template: [https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/MDN/Structures/Page_types/API_event_subpage_template](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/MDN/Structures/Page_types/API_event_subpage_template) 
    - Huge backlog still to convert bcd and mdn pages to new-style events: [https://github.com/mdn/browser-compat-data/issues/14578](https://github.com/mdn/browser-compat-data/issues/14578) 
3. (Will) 
    - JS Learn updates: Didn’t manage to file a PR for the async module last week, but will this week.
    - Himanshu to become a reviewer? [https://github.com/himanshugarg](https://github.com/himanshugarg) , [https://github.com/mdn/content/pulls?q=is%3Apr+author%3Ahimanshugarg](https://github.com/mdn/content/pulls?q=is%3Apr+author%3Ahimanshugarg)
    - Markdown-lint updates: possible project?
        - (Florian) I filed this a while ago: [https://github.com/mdn/content/issues/10787](https://github.com/mdn/content/issues/10787) 
4. (Estelle) ARIA roles. 
    - [https://github.com/openwebdocs/project/issues/82](https://github.com/openwebdocs/project/issues/82) 
5. WtD CFP: [https://www.writethedocs.org/conf/portland/2022/cfp/](https://www.writethedocs.org/conf/portland/2022/cfp/) 


## Notes

* Introductions will be at the end
* (Florian) Events work: Moving to new-style event pages. If you’re interested in helping out, there is a lot of work to do. There is a lot of mechanical work that people can help out on.
* (Will) Hopefully PR this week on async learning area update  \
Mike smith suggested a volunteer for being an MDN approver.
* (DanB) No one has had concerns, so will be sending him an invite
* (Will) He will also be invited to Monday MDN meetings.
* (Will) There have been a bunch of markdown lint fixes. We should probably include that in CI. The same applied to prettier. Should have a project for markdown lint. We had discussed this, but don’t know the status. Q2 project?
* (Dan) Sketched out, but no work has been done. Supporting that as Q2 proposal. Will write the project issue. Once we do the first, adding more linters will be simpler.
* (Will) Issue is when to include them in the integration process
* (florian) Need to write steps on how to make this friendly to contributors.
* (estelle) plugging along on [https://github.com/openwebdocs/project/issues/82](https://github.com/openwebdocs/project/issues/82) 
* End of Agenda!
* Intros
* (Will) Reminder: write the  docs CFP time. [https://www.writethedocs.org/conf/portland/2022/cfp/](https://www.writethedocs.org/conf/portland/2022/cfp/) 
