# OWD Steering Committee call, 19-01-2022

**Present:** Florian Scholz (OWD),  Dominic Cooney (Meta), Dominique Hazael-Massieux (W3C),  Lola Odelola (Samsung), Daniel Beck (Mozilla), Uchi Uchibeke (Coil), Estelle Weyl (OWD), Will Bamberg (OWD), Eric Meyer (Igalia)

**Regrets:** Jean-Yves Perrier (OWD), Rachel Andrew (Google), Ruth John (Mozilla), Jory Burson (Guest),  Philip Jägenstedt (Google), Kyle Pflug (Microsoft), Daniel Appelquist (Samsung), Brian Kardell (Igalia), Mike Smith (W3C), Joel Marcey (Meta), Piotr Tomiak (JetBrains)

## Agenda

1. (Florian) Report from the content planning call
    - Projects that are still continuing from Q4:
       - Florian and the Events project, Jean-Yves and the DOM project, Will and the Learning Area project, Vinyl and the BCD 100% real values project.
    - The first month of Q1 is already over.
    - The OWD 2022 goals discussion isn’t finished yet, so it is hard to say where to put our focus on.
    - We recommend not to vote on new projects this quarter but finish what we’ve started and to prepare for Q2 and the rest of the year.
    - There are many new potential new projects on the table. This issue [https://github.com/openwebdocs/project/issues/74](https://github.com/openwebdocs/project/issues/74) has a list.
2. (Florian) Events
    - Events contribution docs. Review please? [https://github.com/mdn/content/pull/11196](https://github.com/mdn/content/pull/11196) 
    - New-style events in BCD and MDN, the backlog (it’s still huge): [https://github.com/mdn/browser-compat-data/issues/14578](https://github.com/mdn/browser-compat-data/issues/14578) 
3. (Estelle) Accessibility
    - Completing ARIA Roles \
[https://github.com/openwebdocs/project/issues/82](https://github.com/openwebdocs/project/issues/82) 
    - [Question about sectioning roles](https://open-web-docs.slack.com/archives/C01QKJ4NHA5/p1642533873021600): can the sectioning elements that have exact HTML equivalents be on one page?
4. (Will) 
    - JS Learn updates
        - Merged JS Objects module updates (thanks Ruth, Florian, Hamish for reviews)
        - Two remaining modules: async and APIs. Will have a PR for async up this week. I’m expecting to finish this project by the end of the month.
    - Managing the issue backlog: Some unfinished business from 2021 is having a better process for issues. We are at around 600 open issues: too many. I’ll pick this up when the JS Learn project is done.
      - Dom: in terms of goal setting, if fixing an absolute number feels too arbitrary, maybe fixing a goal of finishing each months with fewer issues would already put us in the right direction (in particular, creates a forcing function toward general processes for clearing stale issues)
    - One Monday’s MDN editorial meeting Ruth mentioned starting work on fixing page titles ([https://github.com/mdn/content/discussions/5121](https://github.com/mdn/content/discussions/5121) ), and I am happy to help out with that.