# OWD Steering Committee call, 23-03-2022


**Present:** Florian Scholz (OWD), Vinyl Da.i'gyu-Kazotetsu (OWD), Jean-Yves Perrier (OWD), Will Bamberg (OWD), Daniel Beck (Mozilla), Robert Nyman (Google), Lola Odelola (Samsung), Eric Meyer (Igalia)

**Regrets:** Estelle Weyl (OWD), Dominique Hazael-Massieux (W3C), Uchi Uchibeke (Coil), Ruth John (Mozilla), Dominic Cooney (Meta), Rachel Andrew (Google),  Jon Davis (Apple), Jory Burson (Guest),  Kyle Pflug (Microsoft), Daniel Appelquist (Samsung), Brian Kardell (Igalia), Mike Smith (W3C), Piotr Tomiak (JetBrains)

**Note taker:** Will 

## Agenda

1. Florian
    - Events
        - Working through all the PRs. Getting quite close to the end!
        - Event mixins last major step in this project
    - Q2 content planning
        - Staff team meets after this call to draft recommendations for Q2 project work
        - Will present here and see if there is consensus from the SC.
    - OWD website
        - [https://github.com/openwebdocs/website](https://github.com/openwebdocs/website) please give feedback here
        - Preview [https://inspiring-snyder-9401af.netlify.app/](https://inspiring-snyder-9401af.netlify.app/) 
2. Jean-Yves
    - Events
        - Helped there (thanks to Florian to help finishing the reviews!)
    - Q2 content planning
        - Digging into a proposal (revamp of CSS color), we’ll see if the team likes it.
    - Community
        - Coached a new community member and reviewed his numerous PRs:
            - OnkarRuikar updated all Constructor pages to modern template
            - Started with the 1600 properties (200 done)
3. Vinyl
    - Events are almost completed! Opened BCD PRs for GlobalEventHandlers and WindowEventHandlers
        - Could use some help with the mdn/content side
    - Re-ran removal for {{anch}} macro on English
4. Will
    - A bit of work on the website
    - Lots of PR and issue management, lots of good volunteer contributions:
        - Rewrite of service worker example
        - Ongoing rewrite of IndexedDB example
        - Ongoing rewrite of window.open
    - Will start working on a Q1 mini-impact report today. I expect it will feature:
        - Staffing
        - Completed projects
        - Day-to-day maintenance (commits and PR reviews)
        - …anything else?
    - Daniel moved the devtools docs out of MDN! It was the biggest remaining non-web docs part of MDN. We are almost 100% Markdown now.
5. Events
    - Write The Docs Portland
        - Register for Writing Day?
    - Google Season of Docs
        - [https://blog.opencollective.com/google-season-of-docs-2022/](https://blog.opencollective.com/google-season-of-docs-2022/) 
        - **DEADLINE THIS FRIDAY MARCH 25**

**Notes:** 

* (Florian) Q2 content planning: for this Q it is proposed that staff will make a recommendation of what to work on from the list of projects, and ask for feedback from SC on our recommendation. Not having SC vote on projects this time. SC members please tell us if they don’t like this process!
* (Jean-Yves) mentoring a volunteer who’s updating lots of pages to the proper organization & structure. 1900 pages updated.
* (Vinyl) could use help with the content side of window/global event work. Florian will try to help. Jean-Yves: we can all collaborate on this.
* {{anch}} is being removed from translate-content as well. Florian: can we make this script generally available for cleaning macros? 
* (Robert) discussing ways of measuring web platform feature reliability, and can BCD help? Philip says no: Is BCD reliable enough as an indicator, and if not could it become so? Florian: there are a couple of proposals to make BCD more reliable and help validate it. Is there a way we can measure the reliability of BCD? FLorian and Vinyl could look into this. Jean-Yves: what do you need? Status of current web platform, or historical status? They are two different problems. Robert: discussing how to have milestones for the web: in 2021, people can use these features. Florian: [https://github.com/openwebdocs/project/issues/85](https://github.com/openwebdocs/project/issues/85) . Robert: maybe not every feature but foundational ones (e.g. grid). 
* (Florian)
    * WtD Portland, writing day
    * Google season of docs, deadline is Friday 

