# OWD Steering Committee call, 01-12-2021

**Present:** Florian Scholz (OWD); Eric Meyer (Igalia); Daniel Beck (Mozilla); Will Bamberg (OWD); Rachel Andrew (Google), Estelle Weyl (Open Web Docs)

**Regrets:** Jean-Yves Perrier (Open Web Docs); Uchi Uchibeke (Coil), Lola Odelola (Samsung), Ruth John (Mozilla), Dominique Hazael-Massieux (W3C), Dominic Cooney (Meta),  Philip Jägenstedt (Google);** **Jory Burson (Guest), Kyle Pflug (Microsoft); Daniel Appelquist (Samsung), Brian Kardell (Igalia), Mike Smith (W3C); Joel Marcey (Meta), Piotr Tomiak (JetBrains)


## Agenda

1. (Florian)
    - Events: New BCD data guideline ratified: [https://github.com/mdn/browser-compat-data/blob/main/docs/data-guidelines.md#dom-events-eventname_event](https://github.com/mdn/browser-compat-data/blob/main/docs/data-guidelines.md#dom-events-eventname_event) (no more onXXX event handlers).
    - Event page structure discussion: [https://github.com/mdn/content/discussions/10544](https://github.com/mdn/content/discussions/10544)
2. (Will)
    - Still working through JS Learn updates. Arrow functions PR is in, now working on events.
    - We’re going to start doing weekly triage for mdn/content issues.
3. (Jean-Yves)
    - Is out this week.
4. (Daniel)
    - Is working on moving contribution docs off MDN and into their own place: [https://github.com/mdn/content/issues/10868](https://github.com/mdn/content/issues/10868) 
5. (Estelle) ARIA Roles are coming along
6. (Florian) Markdown linting
    - [https://github.com/mdn/content/issues/10787](https://github.com/mdn/content/issues/10787) 
    - We need to look at heading levels to keep them consistent/not break outlines

## Notes

* (Daniel) Rearranging events in BCD will be a minor version update - maybe this is always a good idea when there is a version update?
* (Will) Planning to go back after JS Learn updates to update examples
* (Will) Weekly triage will require a small quorum each week, but doesn’t have to be the same each week; may vary the time in order to more friendly to people in various time zones
    * (Florian) I’m pro-time-zone-friendly meeting scheduling
    * (Will & Florian) Open to the idea of having guests join triage calls
* (Daniel) Consolidating stuff from all over to create a single spot for meta-documentation; i.e., information about how to contribute to MDN.  Will have its own repository.
    * (Florian) Will this be MDN only, or will it include BCD?
    * (Daniel) Was thinking MDN only.  Maybe a similar project could be done for BCD later on.
* (Daniel) Thanks for the quick merge of the trailing-spaces fix
* (Estelle) Should we do a holiday party for the SC?