# OWD Steering Committee call, 08-12-2021

**Present:** Florian Scholz (OWD), Dominique Hazael-Massieux (W3C), Eric Meyer (Igalia); Estelle Weyl (Open Web Docs), Daniel Beck (Mozilla); Will Bamberg (OWD), Dominic Cooney (Meta), Ruth John (Mozilla), Uchi Uchibeke (Coil)

**Regrets:** Rachel Andrew (Google), Jean-Yves Perrier (Open Web Docs), Lola Odelola (Samsung),  Philip Jägenstedt (Google), Jory Burson (Guest), Kyle Pflug (Microsoft), Daniel Appelquist (Samsung), Brian Kardell (Igalia), Mike Smith (W3C), Joel Marcey (Meta), Piotr Tomiak (JetBrains)


## Agenda

1. (Florian) Events
    - Inheritance diagram proposal: [https://github.com/mdn/content/pull/11051](https://github.com/mdn/content/pull/11051) 
    - Merged interface data from webref (thanks Dom!). This makes inheritance diagrams work ([https://github.com/mdn/content/pull/8797](https://github.com/mdn/content/pull/8797))
    - If there is no further feedback on the event page structure, then I will close the discussion ([https://github.com/mdn/content/discussions/10544](https://github.com/mdn/content/discussions/10544)) and update the MDN meta docs.
2. (Florian) Content planning call after this call
    - Talk through state of Q4 projects
    - Discuss Q1 planning timeline
3. (Jean-Yves) Is out today
4. (Will) JS Learning Area:
    - First two modules are finished except for a couple of open PRs to mdn/learning-area
    - Next up is the Objects module which I’m not looking forward to :)
5. (Estelle) ARIA attributes
    - Last batch of ARIA attributes by EOW
    - Will start another pass
6. (AOB)

## Notes

(Florian) See a. How to structure event pages. B. hasn’t gotten much feedback. If it looks fine, will get to it soon. Special thanks to Dom. He generated data from webref. 

(Dominique) Submitted a PR to the automate the maintenance of the data file on a weekly basis

(Will) Should we update to use webref macros directly?

(Florian) Yes. explained why it’s a good idea, or merge Dom’s.

(Eric) Inheritance doc proposal: USB page doesn’t have a diagram. Is that on purpose?

(Will) The USB page? [https://pr11051.content.dev.mdn.mozit.cloud/en-US/docs/Web/API/USB](https://pr11051.content.dev.mdn.mozit.cloud/en-US/docs/Web/API/USB)

(Florian) If it’s an interface that doesn’t inherit anything it doesn’t have a diagram. But it does inherit event targets, so likely needs a diagram. 

(Will) Even if you don’t inherit, it should have a diagram: [https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/EventTarget](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/EventTarget)

(Florian) Not very useful

(Will) we should be consistent.

End of events discussion

(Florian) Content planning call is happening next.

(Will) Still working on JS learning area. Finishing first 2 modules. In PR. There are 2 repos - also in learning area. Need to be merged to be confident with MDN content. Next will be JS Objects. 

(Florian) Q4 Projects discussion and discuss timeline for Q1 planning. Team is heads down in Q4.

(Estelle) In the final stretch for the first draft of all of accessibility; five in PR and three that need major edits, two left to first-draft.  I’ll be going back through previous ones I wrote to bring them up to the level of the later ones.

(Dominic) For Will: The big thing in objects is they don’t have classes, right?  That’s the plan?

(Will) I’ll talk about classes.  I’ll try to present the modern way first, start off talking about class and constructor and all that.  The sense I have is that pre-modern JS was like you had to implement OO from the inside out.  So I’ll try describing from the outside in and see where that gets us.

(Dominic) It would be a shame to obliterate all knowledge of prototypes.

(Will) This is what I’m trying to get a sense of, how much of that to keep and where to keep it.  We also have the JS Guide, so we could preserve things there.  We don’t have to cover everything in depth in the Learn area.

(Dominic) It feels like a prototype module would be good in Learn.

(Dominique) If we feel learning prototype is needed, I’d make it its own section rather than weaving it into other things.

(Dominic) My two cents is that the current structure shows you something class-y, then shows prototypes.  It would be good to keep that and modernize the content.

(Dominique) It’s a question of what our design target is for the Learn area.  Not knowing that makes it hard to know how deep we should go.  There’s a wide spectrum of possibilities there.

(Estelle) That’s my question too, how much we think they should know at the end.  Prototyping is more advanced and I wouldn’t expect it in introductory material.

(Will) We certainly start from zero.  It probably gets you to the point of being a developer, though maybe not to the “has three years of experience” level.  I think it’s appropriate to talk about prototypes, perhaps in a different thing to the OO.  Maybe say prototypes are the basis of JS, so you’ll need to understand them.  It would be a flaw to me if people came out of Learn without knowing what a prototype is.

(Estelle) Is Learn divided into levels?

(Will) Sort of, yeah.  It gets more advanced as you go; starts to cover different topics.

(Estelle) Does it make sense to break it out into “Intro to” and then have an advanced level.

(Will) Could do, but that’s out of scope for this project.

(Dominic) It feels like level 2 should be “here’s the rest of MDN”.  IT’s great to clarify who this is for.  I also think we should think about what are prototypes for, for a given person.

(Will) I can make an explicit plan for all this so we can talk about it.