# OWD Steering Committee call, 17-11-2021

**Present:** Florian Scholz (OWD); Dominique Hazael-Massieux (W3C),Eric Meyer (Igalia); Estelle Weyl (Open Web Docs), Rachel Andrew (Google), Dominic Cooney (Meta), Will Bamberg (OWD), Lola Odelola (Samsung)

**Regrets:**  Daniel Beck (Mozilla);  Jean-Yves Perrier (Open Web Docs), ; Uchi Uchibeke (Coil),  Philip Jägenstedt (Google); Jory Burson (Guest); Ruth John (Mozilla), Kyle Pflug (Microsoft); Daniel Appelquist (Samsung), Brian Kardell (Igalia), Mike Smith (W3C); Joel Marcey (Meta), Piotr Tomiak (JetBrains)

## Agenda

1. (Florian) Events!
    - Unified event pages [https://github.com/mdn/content/discussions/9098](https://github.com/mdn/content/discussions/9098) 
    - Event page type: [https://github.com/mdn/content/discussions/10544](https://github.com/mdn/content/discussions/10544) 
    - Single entry in BCD: [https://github.com/mdn/browser-compat-data/pull/13374](https://github.com/mdn/browser-compat-data/pull/13374) 
2. (Will) 
    - OWD voting system for quarterly planning: [https://github.com/openwebdocs/project/discussions/72](https://github.com/openwebdocs/project/discussions/72) 
    - JS Learn area:
        - updated stuff about let and const and template strings
        - Open PRs for [arrays](https://github.com/mdn/content/pull/10484) and [string methods](https://github.com/mdn/content/pull/10489)
    - French l10n community has finished converting MDN/fr to Markdown!
3. (Estelle)
    - Update on [ARIA states and properties](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/web/Accessibility/ARIA/Attributes)
    - Can now link from [Element API](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/Element#properties_included_from_aria) 

## Notes

* Florian: Now that we’ve agreed to unified event pages, we need to figure out what they should look like; discussion 10544 is open for this
    * Dominique: even finding a good structure for this might be tricky given bubble and cancel status for various things
    * Dominic: you might want to include user gestures as well, but knowing whether something is cancelable is important
    * Dominique: we should avoid being tricked by the existing documents
    * Florian: we should focus on creating pages as we think about how they look; hopefully that will create a structure we can enforce
    * Florian: BCD effect is the onevent handler data would go away
* Will: there was a discussion about changing the way we vote on quarterly planning
    * Florian: interested in input from Igalia (Eric, Brian) given experience with Open Prioritization
* Will: updating JS Learn to first say “do this” and then update guidance material
* Will: congratulations to Julien (Sphinx) for porting MDN/fr to Markdown!
* Estelle: would love it if everyone looked at ARIA states and properties; we’re making good progress
