# OWD Steering Committee call, 15-09-2021

**Present:** Florian Scholz (OWD), Dominic Cooney (Facebook), Estelle Weyl (Open Web Docs); Eric Meyer (Igalia); Jory Burson (Guest); Philip Jägenstedt (Google); Will Bamberg (OWD), Mike Smith (W3C), Uchi Uchibeke (Coil); Kyle Pflug (Microsoft); Daniel Beck (Mozilla)

**Regrets:** Dominique Hazael-Massieux (W3C); Daniel Appelquist (Samsung), Brian Kardell (Igalia), Lola Odelola (Samsung), Joel Marcey (Facebook), Ruth John (Mozilla), Rob Dodson (Google), Piotr Tomiak (JetBrains), Jean-Yves Perrier (Open Web Docs)

## Agenda / Notes

1. (Florian) We’ve met for the first OWD Q4 planning
    - Summary in [https://github.com/openwebdocs/project/issues/55](https://github.com/openwebdocs/project/issues/55) 
    - Some new proposals have been added since then. Need to triage and prepare them for final planning on September 29. (invites sent)
2. (Florian) WebXR docs
    - Documenting the last (large) module: Layers
    - Backlog in [https://github.com/openwebdocs/project/issues/35](https://github.com/openwebdocs/project/issues/35)
3. (Will)
    - Markdown 
        - API docs in md!! :tada: 
        - We are now 70% Markdown. What’s left? [https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1gIW85rRxPkgsGjYw_5wLa_kGgMeOgnfYrpWytOMD8Lw/edit#gid=0](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1gIW85rRxPkgsGjYw_5wLa_kGgMeOgnfYrpWytOMD8Lw/edit#gid=0) maybe a month?
    - New CSSSyntax macro ([https://github.com/mdn/yari/pull/4656](https://github.com/mdn/yari/pull/4656)) using webref and css-tree
4. (Daniel) WTD x OWD x MDN
    - MDN to sponsor WTD Prague
    - Daniel wants to team up for writing day activities
    - Doc: [https://docs.google.com/document/d/1IIC-yyS3lDELrJY74wK9T3Z_fk23sYrq7UVpE5aUkv0/edit#heading=h.1cdflq8j22cx](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1IIC-yyS3lDELrJY74wK9T3Z_fk23sYrq7UVpE5aUkv0/edit#heading=h.1cdflq8j22cx) 
    - #community-enablement is an OWD slack channel to coordinate
5. (Estelle) ARIA / Branding
    - ARIA - done with landmark, live region, window, and abstract roles. Still have widget and doc structure roles. 
    - Hopefully meeting on branding tomorrow
6. (Florian) TPAC?
    - [https://www.w3.org/wiki/TPAC/2021/SessionIdeas](https://www.w3.org/wiki/TPAC/2021/SessionIdeas) 

## Notes

- Web/API -> Markdown: thanks to all the people who helped wrangle the massive PR. Using branch protection was a good idea.
- WTD:
    - writing day: schedule a meeting with OWD and MDN to discuss collaborating on the Writing Day, choosing things to work on and drafting a PR for the WTD site.
    - OWD has a draft blog post about sponsoring it which we might want to tweak before publishing
    - Daniel and Florian to discuss next steps / set up a call
- TPAC sessions:
    - Philip:
        - The process is: add to the Wiki, someone would contact you asking for times.
        - Discussions are more challenging in a remote context
    - Jory: any developer can propose a session.
    - Mike: Quite an informal process. 
    - Jory: maybe propose a topic relevant to spec editor community.
    - Mike: W3C effort “clearspec” to give readers a quick way to evaluate the maturity of a spec. MDN/BCD is hard to use for this because it doesn’t give high-level overview, being more focused on details. We also use WPT results, and thinking of using Stack Overflow (which topics have lots of questions). What are the information needs of a web developer when they consult a spec, and how to help meet them?
    - Florian: getting feedback from TPAC about terms we use in MDN for things like “deprecated”.