# OWD Steering Committee call, 01-09-2021

**Present:** Florian Scholz (OWD); Philip Jägenstedt (Google), Will Bamberg (OWD), Mike Smith (W3C), Eric Meyer (Igalia); Lola Odelola (Samsung), Joel Marcey (Facebook), Estelle Weyl (Open Web Docs), Piotr Tomiak (JetBrains); Ruth John (Mozilla); Dominique Hazael-Massieux (W3C)

**Regrets:** Uchi Uchibeke (Coil); Kyle Pflug (Microsoft); Jory Burson (Guest); Daniel Appelquist (Samsung), Brian Kardell (Igalia), Hermina Condei (Mozilla), Dominic Cooney (Facebook), Rob Dodson (Google), Jean-Yves Perrier (Open Web Docs)

## Agenda

1. (Florian) WebXR docs
    - Will get started with remaining modules soon: Layers, Hand Input, Frame rates. Backlog: [https://github.com/openwebdocs/project/issues/35](https://github.com/openwebdocs/project/issues/35#issuecomment-884700236) 
2. (Florian) Mixins
    - PRs to BCD and content for WindowOrWorkerGlobalScope were merged. 
    - Globals like fetch() etc. now directly under API/* (api.* in BCD)
    - [https://github.com/mdn/content/pull/8351](https://github.com/mdn/content/pull/8351) 
    - [https://github.com/mdn/browser-compat-data/pull/11518](https://github.com/mdn/browser-compat-data/pull/11518) 
3. (Florian) Page guidelines: API property docs no longer get a syntax section, as discussed in [https://github.com/mdn/content/discussions/5992](https://github.com/mdn/content/discussions/5992#discussioncomment-1234859)
4. (Estelle) ARIA roles (current status: [https://github.com/estelle/content/tree/ariaroles](https://github.com/estelle/content/tree/ariaroles))
5. (Estelle) Brand & voice ( [https://docs.google.com/document/d/1pm7zdRQWFsXue9ZD20zZGIQF3n5pNE2n6OhUqhbtyf0/edit?usp=sharing](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1pm7zdRQWFsXue9ZD20zZGIQF3n5pNE2n6OhUqhbtyf0/edit?usp=sharing))
6. (Jean-Yves) Writing HTTP/2 docs and cleaning numerous flaws on MDN.
7. (Will) Preparing Web/API docs for Markdown conversion: [https://github.com/mdn/content/issues/7898](https://github.com/mdn/content/issues/7898) . Expecting to start landing them next week (split across multiple PRs)


## Notes

* Mixins: there are still a few left, especially events, that should be a separate project. But fixing WindowOrWorkerGlobalScope globals is a big piece of this.
* Properties: If anyone wants to make a PR to remove syntax sections from property pages they should feel free.
* Estelle: logo and brand voice that’s fun and that encourages people to contribute. Staff talked about ideas - globes, pencils, cute spider. Talked about the Layout Land branding with a unicorn following a path, so maybe a spider following a web? Looking for SC input and possible help finding someone to create a logo.
    * Noone is very keen on the current logo it seems.
    * Other inspirations: Sass, GitHub, look inclusive and have cute energetic logos.
    * Philip: sounds good, will ask around if people have time to help design something. Do we have any friends outside our companies?
    * We don’t expect people to do it for free but if someone’s at a company they might be able to. Piotr will ask at his company.
    * Estelle: also please give feedback on brand voice/marketing ideas: [https://docs.google.com/document/d/1pm7zdRQWFsXue9ZD20zZGIQF3n5pNE2n6OhUqhbtyf0/edit](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1pm7zdRQWFsXue9ZD20zZGIQF3n5pNE2n6OhUqhbtyf0/edit) 
    * Estelle: recommends a not-too-serious, informal, friendly tone so as to be more inviting and not put people off. Very serious tone provokes impostor syndrome and discourages contribution.
    * Mike: What about working with Ocupop? (The company that designed the HTML5 logo.) Would require a budget. For the HTML5 logo, Google paid Occupop to develop it. Maybe could do the same kind of arrangement for this.
    * Piotr, owls? People like owls more than spiders :).
    * Dom: +1 on the overall positioning. When we find someone we should tell them about spiders but also give them freedom to suggest alternatives.
    * Piotr: would this be for MDN or just OWD? Estelle: just OWD. Noone can figure out what OWD is or what we have accomplished. A way to say: we are our own thing, not Open Collective, not Mozilla, not MDN.
    * Piotr: but it would also be good if MDN also acknowledges the role of OWD. Dom: this is for Mozilla to say. Estelle: could make GitHub contributions more obviously linked to OWD (rather than to individuals).
    * Dom: wonders what the right framework for discussing how MDN could acknowledge OWD’s contributions? Ruth will bring this up with Daniel.
    * Estelle: also we should look at other open web docs projects, so it’s true to say we don’t only work on MDN. Dom: this is part of the project prioritization process: we should do it if the right projects are there, but not just to be not-MDN.