# OWD Steering Committee call, 24-11-2021

**Present:** Florian Scholz (OWD); Jean-Yves Perrier (Open Web Docs); Eric Meyer (Igalia); Estelle Weyl (Open Web Docs), Rachel Andrew (Google), Daniel Beck (Mozilla); Uchi Uchibeke (Coil), Lola Odelola (Samsung), Will Bamberg (OWD); Ruth John (Mozilla)

**Regrets:**  Dominique Hazael-Massieux (W3C), Dominic Cooney (Meta),  Philip Jägenstedt (Google); Jory Burson (Guest), Kyle Pflug (Microsoft); Daniel Appelquist (Samsung), Brian Kardell (Igalia), Mike Smith (W3C); Joel Marcey (Meta), Piotr Tomiak (JetBrains)

## Non-verbal comments

None. 

## Agenda

1. (Florian) Event work continues
    - Unified event pages [https://github.com/mdn/content/discussions/9098](https://github.com/mdn/content/discussions/9098) (we mostly agreed on this already)
    - Event page type discussion [https://github.com/mdn/content/discussions/10544](https://github.com/mdn/content/discussions/10544) (there are different ideas on how to structure information about events)
    - Data guideline for BCD: [https://github.com/mdn/browser-compat-data/pull/13595](https://github.com/mdn/browser-compat-data/pull/13595) 
    - Inheritance is a thing sometimes: [https://github.com/mdn/browser-compat-data/pull/13598](https://github.com/mdn/browser-compat-data/pull/13598) 
2. (Will)
    - Issue triage discussion later today: [https://docs.google.com/document/d/15KcfBOpffXyFNVYzoD_LbkhgYMDJEDP5OMbi070GqqE/edit](https://docs.google.com/document/d/15KcfBOpffXyFNVYzoD_LbkhgYMDJEDP5OMbi070GqqE/edit) - discussing setting up weekly triage meeting for mdn/content (currently 582 open issues)
    - JS Learning area updates is ongoing, a bit slowly:
        - Arrays, strings articles are updated
        - PR for loops article is waiting for review: [https://github.com/mdn/content/pull/10645](https://github.com/mdn/content/pull/10645) 
3. (Jean-Yves)
    - Deep down in DOM Reference: thanks all for the reviews
    - Element.* reference in progress, but it is *large* and even if I will not submit a huge PR, I want to have it ready locally before splitting it in reviewable parts (I keep changing, reviewing pages as I move forward)
    - Needed to breathe a bit this week: so I’m working on AbstractRange, Range, StaticRange. Good progress, I still need to write better examples.
4. (Estelle)
    - ARIA-attributes still progressing. (29 done / 4 PR / 9 partial )
        - Linkages Element, ElementInternals & ARIA Roles
5. AOB
    - Cancel this call on Dec 22, Dec 29?
    - Voting systems discussion is still open: [https://github.com/openwebdocs/project/discussions/72](https://github.com/openwebdocs/project/discussions/72) 

## Notes

* Will: Anyone interested in triage call welcome to join: meet.google.com/svf-sbko-dpa 
* Jean-Yves: currently working on Element.* abstractRange, range, and staticRange right now, hoping to get a PR in the next day or two
* Estelle: currently working on nine ARIA attributes, should be done by next week’s meeting
* Florian: calls on December 22 and 29 will stay on the calendar, for those still around and interested in chatting
* Florian: thanks to Will and Phillip for the voting-system discussion
    * Ruth: there is an npm module that seems to recreate what Florian did
