# OWD Steering Committee call, 13-10-2021

**Present:** Florian Scholz (OWD); Uchi Uchibeke (Coil); Dominique Hazael-Massieux (W3C); Daniel Beck (Mozilla); Jean-Yves Perrier (Open Web Docs), Ruth John (Mozilla), Estelle Weyl (Open Web Docs), Dominic Cooney (Facebook), Kyle Pflug (Microsoft), Lola Odelola (Samsung), Will Bamberg (OWD), Jory Burson (Guest)

**Regrets:** Philip Jägenstedt (Google); Daniel Appelquist (Samsung), Brian Kardell (Igalia), Mike Smith (W3C), Eric Meyer (Igalia); Joel Marcey (Facebook) Rob Dodson (Google), Piotr Tomiak (JetBrains)

## Agenda / Notes

1. (Florian) OWD worklog for September published! Please share:
    - [https://twitter.com/OpenWebDocs/status/1446414578632609794](https://twitter.com/OpenWebDocs/status/1446414578632609794) 
    - [https://opencollective.com/open-web-docs/updates/open-web-docs-worklog-september-2021-edition](https://opencollective.com/open-web-docs/updates/open-web-docs-worklog-september-2021-edition) 
2. (Florian) Results of the OWD Q4 planning process:
    - [https://github.com/openwebdocs/project/issues/55#issuecomment-937625420](https://github.com/openwebdocs/project/issues/55#issuecomment-937625420) 
    - Winning proposals:
        1. Documentation of ARIA attributes
        2. Updating DOM guides (and completing its reference)
        3. Modernizing the JavaScript Learning Area modules
        4. Documenting events and representing them in BCD
        5. Use of webref as the source for CSS formal syntax, instead of mdn/data
3. (Florian) PSA: Florian on vacation until November 1st.
4. (Jean-Yves) 
    - Finishing some PRs about DOM Exception
    - Making a plan for updating DOM reference (2nd winning proposal) [Link](https://github.com/mdn/content/issues/9740).
        - Synergy with the other winning proposal: DOM includes Event handling guides and interfaces Event/CustomEvent references (But not the individual event). 
        - Addition of a few webidl stuff like DOMException, DOMHighrestimestamp (that everybody expects to be in DOM)
5. (Estelle):
    - ARIA Roles: [Still in PR ](https://github.com/mdn/content/pull/9305)
    - ARIA Attributes: [4 done in PR](https://github.com/mdn/content/pull/9762). 20+ in [progress](https://github.com/mdn/content/pull/9657).
    - Accessibility HTML2MD: [PR](https://github.com/mdn/content/pull/9631)
6. (Will):
    - Markdown status:
        - This might be the second-last time you have to listen to me talk about Markdown.[JYP: this is optimistic. Devil lies in the last few bits :grin:]
        - The only big part remaining is Mozilla docs (Add-ons (~650 pages), Firefox (~140 pages), NSS (~300 pages), Devtools (~150 pages)). I will convert Add-ons if Mozilla wants them in Markdown.
        - Thanks JYP for the reviews!
        - Apart from that, MDN meta-docs (Ruth), Accessibility (Estelle) and a few little bits and pieces, which I will finish off in the next couple of days.
        - Working through the bits directly under [https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web) makes me realise how much we need to clean this up (see also [https://github.com/openwebdocs/project/issues/60](https://github.com/openwebdocs/project/issues/60)) - this also feeds into how we want to present guide content on MDN
    - Will start working on a plan for Q4 project “Modernizing the JS Learning Area”
7. (Jory & Dom) TPAC!
    - Session on October 21, 10-11 EST / 2-3 UTC - [register](https://www.w3.org/2021/10/TPAC/#participation) to attend 

## Notes 

* Ask for feedback from SC about how to make the planning process better. Daniel: how? Florian: email/Slack?
* Markdown:
    * Mozilla docs: Will will take Add-ons, Ruth will take Firefox, leave the rest in HTML
    * Privacy docs: Dominique/Dominic: there is cross-browser stuff in there hidden inside Firefox docs. Let’s convert it to Markdown, keep it where it is for now, and sort the content out later in [https://github.com/openwebdocs/project/issues/60](https://github.com/openwebdocs/project/issues/60) .
* Dom/Jory: we will have a TPAC session, please attend!
    * 2 other recommended sessions:
        * Philip: CSS 2021
        * The Web We Want
    * Lola: has a session on how to get more involved in W3C