# OWD Steering Committee call, 15-12-2021

**Present:** Florian Scholz (OWD),  Estelle Weyl (Open Web Docs),  Daniel Beck (Mozilla); Will Bamberg (OWD), Ruth John (Mozilla), Jory Burson (Guest)

**Regrets:** Dominique Hazael-Massieux (W3C), Eric Meyer (Igalia); Dominic Cooney (Meta), Uchi Uchibeke (Coil), Rachel Andrew (Google), Jean-Yves Perrier (Open Web Docs), Lola Odelola (Samsung),  Philip Jägenstedt (Google),, Kyle Pflug (Microsoft), Daniel Appelquist (Samsung), Brian Kardell (Igalia), Mike Smith (W3C), Joel Marcey (Meta), Piotr Tomiak (JetBrains)


## Agenda

1. (Florian) Events
    - Meta docs update: [https://github.com/mdn/content/pull/11196](https://github.com/mdn/content/pull/11196) 
    - Inheritance diagram rewrite: [https://github.com/mdn/yari/pull/5056](https://github.com/mdn/yari/pull/5056) 
        - [https://github.com/mdn/content/pull/11117](https://github.com/mdn/content/pull/11117) (content change)
2. (Florian) Content planning 
    - Come back together in January to do the elevator pitch call and the voting in the week after.
    - Florian will open Q1 planning issue soon.
    - Will renominate some previous projects
3. (Jean-Yves)
4. (Will) JS Learn area: I’ve been working through the OOP articles, will have a PR soon.
5. (Estelle) ARIA attributes are all written. Will be merged by EOD hopefully.
6. (AOB)
    - (Daniel) Since it was mentioned: [meta site is merged](https://github.com/mdn/content/pull/11200); getting wired up to Netlify next.

**Notes:**

(Florian) Updating meta docs to say we don’t want to do “on”-eventHandlers anymore. Still working out on how to do event handler mixins, etc.

(Florian) Rewrote inheritance diagram. I wrote it a while ago, but this should be an improvement./ simplified. PR is submitted. Reviews welcome

(Florian) Content planning: 
* We met last week for Q4 project status. 
* Agreed we’ll do elevator pitch and prioritization voting. 
* GC has agreed to call on the topic in the 2nd week in January.Need to work on timing. 
* Will file issues on OWD about Q1 planning. Will ren-ominate some that didn’t make the cut for q4. We’ll reconsider if you submitted and didn't get worked on. Y’all can submit new ones too.

(Will) Still working updating JS learn area for oop docs. PR coming soon. 

(Florian) will take a look

(Estelle) all attributes should be merged by Monday. Will add BCD equivalent and warning note to all once first drafts are all merged.

(Daniel) PR exists to seed with placeholder files.Work isn’t complete, but SR team will wire it up to a domain name. Seeded initial structure with Ruth

(Florian) We can all contribute

(Daniel) We are open to defining things.

(Ruth) waiting for domain and hosting before moving docs, but no reason not to start moving stuff

(Florian) Next two meetings are just social. They will not be chaired.

(Jory) Vinyl has been added to Slack. Still working on contract details. Will be helping with the BCD project. More details to follow.
