# OWD Steering Committee call, 27-10-2021

**Present:** Dominic Cooney (Facebook), Daniel Beck (Mozilla);  Jean-Yves Perrier (Open Web Docs), Estelle Weyl (Open Web Docs), Lola Odelola (Samsung), Will Bamberg (OWD), Rachel Andrew (Google), Jory Burson (Guest); 

**Regrets:** Ruth John (Mozilla), Kyle Pflug (Microsoft); Philip Jägenstedt (Google); Daniel Appelquist (Samsung), Brian Kardell (Igalia), Mike Smith (W3C); Eric Meyer (Igalia); , Joel Marcey (Meta), ;  Rob Dodson (Google), Piotr Tomiak (JetBrains),  Florian Scholz (OWD); Uchi Uchibeke (Coil); Dominique Hazael-Massieux (W3C); ; 

## Non-verbal comments

* Florian is in a well-deserved holiday.


## Agenda

1. (Jean-Yves) Work on DOM continues. First part the reference.
    - Started with Nodes (Node, Attr, Element, Document, …). These are the largest DOM interfaces. PR for Attr created, head down on Node now.
    - “Fought” with namespace information (tl;dr: namespaces only exists in non-HTML part of a document, SVG, MathML. This has changed, it wasn’t the case at the time of XHTML… This has impact on what (Attr).name and (Attr).localName returns for attributes like xml:lang…)
    - Plans to finish Node this week.
2. (Will)
    - Markdown is done! Thanks to those who helped figure out how to do it, who implemented the Yari pieces, and who reviewed all those PRs.
    - Starting on modernizing JS Learning Area, will have a plan in the next couple of days
3. (Estelle)
    - ARIA roles are progressing


## Notes
* TPAC Session (Jory): OWD
    * 11 people. Similar to other sessions
    * 15 minutes on the Impact and Transparency Report
    * We have to publish the report in an accessible format
    * Minutes to come. Good discussion and feedback. Will be shared with everybody.
* TPAC Session (Lola): Dev Council sessions
    * Several sessions, quite a few positive and curious feedback
    * Bringing[ awareness about the W3C](https://medium.com/samsung-internet-dev/reintroducing-the-w3c-developer-council-b9028f7739bf) 