# OWD Steering Committee call, 10-11-2021

**Present:** Florian Scholz (OWD), Daniel Beck (Mozilla);  Jean-Yves Perrier (Open Web Docs), Lola Odelola (Samsung), Dominique Hazael-Massieux (W3C), Eric Meyer (Igalia); Uchi Uchibeke (Coil),  Will Bamberg (OWD), Dominic Cooney (Meta), Estelle Weyl (Open Web Docs)

**Regrets:**  Rachel Andrew (Google), Philip Jägenstedt (Google); Jory Burson (Guest); Ruth John (Mozilla), Kyle Pflug (Microsoft); Daniel Appelquist (Samsung), Brian Kardell (Igalia), Mike Smith (W3C); Joel Marcey (Meta), Piotr Tomiak (JetBrains)

## Non-verbal comments

* (Estelle) We are now at 22 live aria-attributes. Work is continuing.


## Agenda

1. (Florian) OWD October Worklog published [https://opencollective.com/open-web-docs/updates/open-web-docs-worklog-october-2021-edition](https://opencollective.com/open-web-docs/updates/open-web-docs-worklog-october-2021-edition) Please share: [https://twitter.com/OpenWebDocs/status/1458072169984966663](https://twitter.com/OpenWebDocs/status/1458072169984966663) 
2. (Florian) Working on unified event pages
    - [https://github.com/mdn/content/discussions/9098](https://github.com/mdn/content/discussions/9098) 
3. (Jean-Yves) Good progress on the DOM Reference: 
    - `Node` landed
    - `DOMTokenList` has a PR and I'm finishing `NamedNodeMap` (that wasn't documented  beyond the interface and I'm finalizing the PR)
    - This will unlock `Element` (except the event part)
4. (Will) 
    - Modernizing the JS Learning Area: feedback is welcome on the plan at [https://github.com/mdn/content/issues/10337](https://github.com/mdn/content/issues/10337) 
    - Another vote (from Sphinx, in MDN’s Matrix room) for de-Firefoxing the privacy documentation