# OWD Steering Committee call, 29-09-2021

**Present:** Florian Scholz (OWD); Jean-Yves Perrier (Open Web Docs); Dominique Hazael-Massieux (W3C); Philip Jägenstedt (Google); Kyle Pflug (Microsoft); Will Bamberg (OWD), Lola Odelola (Samsung), Ruth John (Mozilla), Estelle Weyl (Open Web Docs); Jory Burson (Guest); Dominic Cooney (Facebook); Daniel Beck (Mozilla); Mike Smith (W3C)

**Regrets:** Uchi Uchibeke (Coil); Daniel Appelquist (Samsung), Brian Kardell (Igalia), Eric Meyer (Igalia); Joel Marcey (Facebook), Rob Dodson (Google), Piotr Tomiak (JetBrains)

## Agenda / Notes

1. (Florian) OWD Q4 planning after this call
    - [https://github.com/openwebdocs/project/issues/55](https://github.com/openwebdocs/project/issues/55) 
    - 15 proposed projects in the pipeline! Thanks to everyone who submitted these!
    - We will (try to) go through all of these in the call so that y’all are familiar with what the projects are.
    - Afterwards each SC member is asked to provide a prioritized ranking of these 15 projects. Please keep in mind our [prioritization criteria](https://github.com/openwebdocs/project/blob/main/steering-committee/prioritization-criteria.md) when doing this.
    - We will compile the rankings to an overall OWD SC ranking in the next few days. (deadline to submit your rankings: Tuesday, October 5).
2. (Florian) WebXR docs
    - Done! 
    - Recap posted on the issue: [https://github.com/openwebdocs/project/issues/35#issuecomment-926086166](https://github.com/openwebdocs/project/issues/35#issuecomment-926086166) 
3. (Daniel, Jean-Yves) Write The Docs
    - Writing Day on Sunday
    - PR almost ready to land, last call: [text is here](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1IIC-yyS3lDELrJY74wK9T3Z_fk23sYrq7UVpE5aUkv0/edit#heading=h.qp6krea3ka2q)
    - Jean-Yves will be here the whole Sunday, Florian the afternoon. Mozilla (Daniel) will join us most of the time (he is part of the org and lead welcoming sessions
    - Four activities are proposed:
        1. Preparing MD migration
        2. Fixing HTTP headers structure
        3. Good first bug.
        4. Brainstorming session on documenting how to document (Lola)
4. (Will)
    - SVG and HTML docs are converted.
    - Next up are Learn and Glossary
    - Estelle has a PR to do Accessibility and Ruth one to to MDN meta-docs
    - What’s left: [https://github.com/mdn/content/discussions/8960](https://github.com/mdn/content/discussions/8960) 
5. (Estelle)
    - [Aria roles PR](https://github.com/mdn/content/pull/9305) in review.
    - Logo - temporary?  [https://codepen.io/estelle/pen/qBjLwOE](https://codepen.io/estelle/pen/qBjLwOE)  \
Mood board for logo [Open Web Docs - Google Slides](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1F8M1-_dp1Gn3S--SrtzJWn5IzhgWLWnGCngtYQs_KJI/edit#slide=id.p)

## Notes

* WtD:
    * Tell Jean-Yves if you will be attending WtD Writing Day, this Sunday. We’ll have Jean-Yves, Florian (in the afternoon) and Daniel (in between his WtD duties)
    * Lola: WtD audience is not necessarily the usual MDN audience. Ask people how we could create docs on creating online documentation. How do we build affinity with people online (e.g. we have no swag, although we should have).
    * Lola: Of the list proposed, are we doing them all? JYP: if we agree here, then we can list them all. What’s happening with tickets? Jory: can get registrations to people who need them. From OWD: JYP, Florian, Lola.
    * Daniel: having a menu of things is good to the Writing Day because we don’t know who will show up.
    * Estelle: keep a spreadsheet of contributors, what they did and their contact, so we can thank them and ask them to follow up (if they are willing to) For example: [https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/18WqWoTAf3bx7fZI-qki2ihqqcT7M5Vm4egmfa79tZXM/edit#gid=0](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/18WqWoTAf3bx7fZI-qki2ihqqcT7M5Vm4egmfa79tZXM/edit#gid=0) . JYP: yes, and we will have a GitHub label for the work too. Estelle: can we figure out who forked the repo on that day? JYP: probably. ([https://docs.github.com/en/rest/reference/repos#list-forks](https://docs.github.com/en/rest/reference/repos#list-forks) , [https://octokit.github.io/rest.js/v18#repos-list-forks](https://octokit.github.io/rest.js/v18#repos-list-forks) )
* Estelle: temporary logo: [https://codepen.io/estelle/pen/qBjLwOE](https://codepen.io/estelle/pen/qBjLwOE) , since our logo (currently on the WtD website) doesn’t say who we are. Can we use this for the WtD page? Everyone: we should have our name on the website. Dom: maybe just the name in case we are rebranding soon? Or maybe remove the braces? Yes. Jory: send it to me and I’ll make sure it gets on the WtD site.