# OWD Steering Committee call, 06-10-2021

**Present:** Florian Scholz (OWD); Jean-Yves Perrier (Open Web Docs), Dominique Hazael-Massieux (W3C);Will Bamberg (OWD), Estelle Weyl (Open Web Docs); Lola Odelola (Samsung);  Eric Meyer (Igalia), Ruth John (Mozilla), Philip Jägenstedt (Google);  Kyle Pflug (Microsoft); Uchi Uchibeke (Coil);Dominic Cooney (Facebook), 

**Regrets:** Jory Burson (Guest); Daniel Appelquist (Samsung), Brian Kardell (Igalia), Mike Smith (W3C), Joel Marcey (Facebook), Daniel Beck (Mozilla); Rob Dodson (Google), Piotr Tomiak (JetBrains), Daniel Beck (Mozilla)

## Agenda / Notes


1. (Florian) OWD Q4 planning
    - Rankings
        - Missing from Coil, Igalia, Microsoft, Samsung
        - Kudos to Daniel Beck for well argumented ranking submission
        - (Update) Got all rankings, [published the results](https://github.com/openwebdocs/project/issues/55#issuecomment-937625420)
2. (Lola, Jean-Yves, Daniel) Write The Docs
    - About 68 PRs! ⅓ of the attendees went to our session (24/68) Thanks Daniel, Florian and Lola for the session help and Hamish for the reviews!
        - Interest in our experience about Github and Markdown, and conversion from documentarians! They were happy to test Github and Markdown and see the same document in MD and HTML.
        - More efficient than a live Writing Day, but less chit chat and socializing.
    - One contributor is still contributing today!
    - Three activities:
        - Editorial review of HTTP
        - Some prework for HTML 2 MD in a11y
        - A session by Lola (Lola update)
            - Notes: [https://docs.google.com/document/d/10xPs_yxwHsDIrX4fFhkDL_IpMTkCx57nidgtzAtaChY/edit#](https://docs.google.com/document/d/10xPs_yxwHsDIrX4fFhkDL_IpMTkCx57nidgtzAtaChY/edit#) 
3. (Estelle) 
    - Markdown: a11y section conversion PR is in the works
    - ARIA Roles: PR is being reviewed. Large, so will take a while
    - Old a11y files needing to be deleted will be 3rd PR (have not started on this yet)
4. (Will):
    - Markdown:
        - Will file PRs to convert Learn and Glossary today, probably. (Glossary PR was made already but rotted before it was reviewed)
        - Will then work through the smaller bits ([https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1gIW85rRxPkgsGjYw_5wLa_kGgMeOgnfYrpWytOMD8Lw/edit#gid=0](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1gIW85rRxPkgsGjYw_5wLa_kGgMeOgnfYrpWytOMD8Lw/edit#gid=0) )
        - The last big area is Add-ons - should I wait for Mozilla’s word on this?
5. Do we want to participate in “Hacktoberfest”?
    - [https://opencollective.com/opensource/updates/add-the-hacktoberfest-label-to-your-collective-to-participate-in-hacktoberfest](https://opencollective.com/opensource/updates/add-the-hacktoberfest-label-to-your-collective-to-participate-in-hacktoberfest) 
    - No, too much spam in previous years
6. TPAC breakout?