# OWD Steering Committee call, 22-09-2021


**Present:** Florian Scholz (OWD);Estelle Weyl (Open Web Docs); Daniel Beck (Mozilla); Jory Burson (Guest); Dominique Hazael-Massieux (W3C);Piotr Tomiak (JetBrains),  Uchi Uchibeke (Coil);Ruth John (Mozilla), Philip Jägenstedt (Google);Jean-Yves Perrier (Open Web Docs), Dominic Cooney (Facebook),  Will Bamberg (OWD); Lola Odelola (Samsung), Daniel Beck (Mozilla); Eric Meyer (Igalia); 

**Regrets: ** Kyle Pflug (Microsoft); Daniel Appelquist (Samsung), Brian Kardell (Igalia), Mike Smith (W3C), Joel Marcey (Facebook), Rob Dodson (Google), 

## Agenda / Notes

1. (Florian) OWD Q4 planning
    - [https://github.com/openwebdocs/project/issues/55](https://github.com/openwebdocs/project/issues/55)
    - Thanks to everyone who submitted proposals
    - Final planning call September 29
    - [https://github.com/openwebdocs/project/blob/main/steering-committee/prioritization-criteria.md](https://github.com/openwebdocs/project/blob/main/steering-committee/prioritization-criteria.md) 
2. (Florian) WebXR docs
    - Still documenting the last module, Layers
3. (Will)
    - Still Markdown. HTML and SVG are almost ready (should file conversion PRs today and tomorrow). Next up are Learn, Accessibility, Glossary
4. (Jean-Yves)
    - Did a ton (20 PRs?) of follow-up on Web/API after the conversion to MD, especially around exceptions.
    - Prioritizes reviews about HTML and SVG conversion to MD.
5. (Estelle)
    - ARIA Roles progress 
    - Logo update
6. Write The Docs
    - We’re sponsoring! Banner now up on the website
7. TPAC?
    - [https://www.w3.org/wiki/TPAC/2021/SessionIdeas](https://www.w3.org/wiki/TPAC/2021/SessionIdeas) 

## Notes

* Q4 planning proposals: following the template is not mandatory but we will consider the template questions in assessing. Proposals where the work is reasonably clear make it easier for OWD to work on them.
*  Estelle:
    * Accessibility: 5 document structure roles, and all the widget roles to do
    * Logo: working with someone from Piotr’s org, hope to have something to show next week.
* Jory: we’re working on a report to share metrics on our work over the last almost-year. If anyone has things they want to include here let us know.
* Philip/Jory: we will ask for a spot on TPAC mid-October, at the least present from GC angle and SC angle (how to get involved). Philip: we don’t have a driver for this yet, so if you want to, you can set the agenda! Eric: how long are talks? Jory: maybe more like a short presentation and guided dialog. But hour-long slots.