# OWD Steering Committee call, 11-08-2021

**Present:** Florian Scholz (OWD), Jean-Yves Perrier (OWD), Dominic Cooney (Facebook), Ruth John (Mozilla); Dominique Hazael-Massieux (W3C); Jory Burson (Guest); Uchi Uchibeke (Coil); Eric Meyer (Igalia); Lola Odelola (Samsung), Will Bamberg (OWD), 

**Regrets:**  Philip Jägenstedt (Google); Kyle Pflug (Microsoft); Daniel Appelquist (Samsung), Brian Kardell (Igalia), Mike Smith (W3C), Joel Marcey (Facebook), Hermina Condei (Mozilla);  Rob Dodson (Google), Piotr Tomiak (JetBrains)

## Agenda / Notes

1. The OWD worklog for June-July 2021 was published! Read about what we’ve been up to: [https://opencollective.com/open-web-docs/updates/open-web-docs-worklog-june-july-2021-edition](https://opencollective.com/open-web-docs/updates/open-web-docs-worklog-june-july-2021-edition) 
    - [https://twitter.com/OpenWebDocs/status/1423239272623190017](https://twitter.com/OpenWebDocs/status/1423239272623190017) 
2. (Florian) Working on WebXR docs
    - Wrote reference docs for WebXR Anchors and Depth Sensing modules
    - Next: Light Estimation and Hit Testing
    - Backlog: [https://github.com/openwebdocs/project/issues/35](https://github.com/openwebdocs/project/issues/35#issuecomment-884700236) 
    - Also: markdown conversion!
    - Feedback and SME help wanted on WebXR guide issue: [https://github.com/mdn/content/issues/7276](https://github.com/mdn/content/issues/7276) 
        - Thanks Ada! [https://twitter.com/AdaRoseCannon/status/1425462608677769216](https://twitter.com/AdaRoseCannon/status/1425462608677769216) 
3. (Will)
    - CSS->Markdown PR is here for review: [https://github.com/mdn/content/pull/7779](https://github.com/mdn/content/pull/7779) 
    - Write the Docs Writing Day: I’ve drafted a PR for this, if you have comments please comment in the Google doc: [https://docs.google.com/document/d/1IIC-yyS3lDELrJY74wK9T3Z_fk23sYrq7UVpE5aUkv0/edit#heading=h.1cdflq8j22cx](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1IIC-yyS3lDELrJY74wK9T3Z_fk23sYrq7UVpE5aUkv0/edit#heading=h.1cdflq8j22cx) or discuss in the #community-enablement channel.
4. (Jean-Yves)
    -. HTTP area conversion to Markdown ([tracking issue](https://github.com/mdn/content/issues/7536)): 
        - Good progress: all 297 pages have been fixed so they can be converted .
        - 1 kind of table (w/ class `properties`) will be kept in HTML. Besides these, we’ll have no other conversion errors.
        - All preparation PRs are in. Once these are merged, the final PR performing the actual migration will be created.
    - Next steps on the OWD Q3 HTTP project ([tracking issue](https://github.com/openwebdocs/project/issues/43)): 
        - Proposing plan for HTTP/2 and /3 docs and asking for feedback on it.
        - Reviewing all the existing HTTP docs and listing improvements to be done.
    - Converted 30% of all API overview pages to use modern spec tables (coherent with the macro we introduced last Quarter) and compatible with MD.
    - Made a “stop-gap” [fix](https://github.com/mdn/content/pull/7705) to a DOM guide that was saying that DOM Level 2 will be released soon (…)!
5. AOB
    - Speaking/participating at Tech Events: OWD will sign Diversity Charter
        - [https://github.com/openwebdocs/project/pull/49](https://github.com/openwebdocs/project/pull/49) 
    - Content planning call after this. Taking the birds-eye view at our projects.

## Notes

- Jean-Yves: consider splitting up review of CSS docs among several people.
- Ruth is +1 on moving CSS tools into css-examples
- Jory: would be great for the SC to suggest other (e.g.) conferences we should attend/be involved with. TPAC?
  - Lola: there is a doc which she will re-share with ideas about this. Maybe pin this doc in the #community-enablement channel? 
  - Florian: maybe make it a MD file in the OWD repo, so we can get wider input? 